Create Glossary stubs S (#3897)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Skinning/Skin/en.md

---
stub: true
---

# Skin

> A set of graphics and custom sample sets (audio clips) that can replace the default ones used by osu!. This will allow for a more customised user experience. Most of what you see and hear in osu! can be skinned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**See also: [Skinning](/wiki/Skinning)

A **skin** is a set of graphics (images) and custom sample sets (audio clips) that replace the default ones used by osu!. Many players regularly engage in the use of skins to allow for a more customised user experience, should they dislike the default skin. Almost all of what is visible or audible in osu! can be "skinned."
```

To see the dedicated sub-forum for skins, see [Skinning](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/15).

> To see the list of skinnable elements, see [Skinning](/wiki/Skinning) (and its subpages).

Reviewer: These should formatted as hatnotes

---
stub: true
---

> # Skin

Reviewer 2: move to /wiki/Skin

> *See also: [Skinning](/wiki/Skinning)*
> 
> *To see the dedicated sub-forum for skins, see [Skinning](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/15)*
> 
> *To see the list of skinnable elements, see [Skinning](/wiki/Skinning) (and its subpages)*

Reviewer 2: when you have multiple related notes like this you can collapse the spacing
```suggestion
*See also: [Skinning](/wiki/Skinning)*\
*To see the dedicated sub-forum for skins, see [Skinning](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/15)*\
*To see the list of skinnable elements, see [Skinning](/wiki/Skinning) (and its subpages)*
```
